I'm curious Prime's thoughts on large
files, slash LFS, since it isn't
covered in the content, and any thoughts
on squash merge to keep repos smaller.
>> Yeah, I don't care about the size.
So there's two questions in there and
they're kinda both the same.
So get large files at the store,
it does some efficiency.
So the thing that's happening,
if you didn't notice, that we could go and
restore every commit having
every pointer to every file.
Now we can restore those files,
those files were compressed and all that.
So if you're storing 100 megabyte image,
it's gonna go and
it's gonna compress this.
And then you have to download it,
there's a lot you have to download.
So Git Large File Storage just effectively
is an optimization for large files,
which are just a huge pain in
the ass when it comes to Git.
And that's why people argue
why Perforce is better,
is actually specifically about large
file storage and binary assets.
But now with Git, whatever it is,
Git Large File Storage, LFS, it's better.
As far as history size, I don't think you
should really care about history size.
History is free, right?
I just like to have it clean,
so when I'm doing a revert,
I don't shoot myself in the foot.
I really don't wanna revert a six-item
change with a bunch of merge commits.
That's what I don't wanna do.
I just wanna be able to just say revert E,
and that's it.
So that's my only argument for
why I prefer to rebase over.
It's cuz I inevitably bet against myself.
>> Outside of just some of the techniques
you covered here for your own repo,
is there anything that you'd recommend for
people who contribute,
as far as working with forks, and just
contributing to open source in general?
>> Contributing to open source?
>> Yeah, I think question is more like, is
there any techniques here that you use to,
like when you're working with
your fork and pushing it back, or
submitting the PR back to
some open source repo?
>> Yeah, I think everything I already
stated is exactly I try to do one commit,
make it really nice.
I try never, if I can, I try to never
make a change ever above about 150 lines.
There's some studies that suggest that
people will rubber stamp significantly
higher rates if you add more lines.
There just comes a point where
you can no longer review.
Well, so if you can keep things small and
do more reviews,
it just makes life a lot easier.
So, I mean, that's my only real thing,
is if you're gonna be contributing to
open source A, there's a lot of talk.
There's been a lot of angst over open
source commits in the last few months,
so don't just make dumb commits.
That's a good thing to do.
Don't be mean.
Remember, it's all free.
No one's getting paid out there for
open source.
I mean, they might be getting
paid like $20 a month, but
that's not enough to
really be happy with it.
>> And just to follow up to the env
question, what's a good way to handle env
files if you want everyone to have a base
template but make their own changes?
Do you add it to the repo and
then subtract-
>> You can add it to the repo with
a default one, save it,
then ignore it, so then it's there,
and no further changes can be had.
There's strategies, right?
You can have the whole env template or
whatever, env default, and
then you just copy it over into yours,
but that's all organizational stuff.
>> All right.
>> I always do env- something.
By the way, also great plugin, by the way.
Great Vim thing, I don't know if you
guys know about this, but, wait,
hold on,
a chat stack that was using COBOL.
If I go like this, by the way, if you guys
don't know, you can get plugins so that if
you have your env, it will automatically
put little stars right there.
If you ever accidentally don't want,
you never want this thing leaked ever for
any reason,
it's always good to have this thing on.
And so if you're in an end file,
it'll just always do that.
You can just do a little CloakToggle and
boom, right there.
And it's a fun little thing.
If you don't have that,
I always recommend having that.
Cloak, I think it's named cloak for
both VS Code and Vim.
It's a good little plugin to have.
I just want to mention Vim more,
if possible.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I love to talk to you about how your
life can improve by using Vim.
Is it possible to have a personal Git
ignore, someone's asking that, there is.
Right before we go, there's actually
a file inside of Git that you can do.
So if I go like this, here,
I'll try to do this really quickly,
I'll just go like this.
I'll create a file like this,
it's some sort of dvorak file, right?
So it's right here, it's this thing
right here, git/info/exclude.
So if you add it to the git/info/exclude,
it's a git ignore, but only for you.
So if I save this, it's gone,
but nobody else gets it.
It's one of those super secret ones,
but that's one of them.
There you go.
This is everything I think you need to
know about Git to be useful at your job.
Everything else is,
I don't think you need, just real facts.
There you go.
That's it.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Thanks.